as Iran doesn't have one, they're going to be vulnerable to attack. So I think that's a good example of how intent is a tricky thing. And I think it's a good example of how we attribute things to our enemies and our friends that make us feel good. Leaders can have intent. Individual politicians kind of. It gets back to your point about political constraints. We don't know when someone says their reason for why they're doing it, whether it's the actual reason, whether it's what they want the public to believe. So I think that whole thing is a way that we exploit information and pr to communication and media to advance our causes. I mean, I'll give you an example that I'll be honest about. If I were Iran, I would work on a nuclear weapon for purely defensive reasons. Israel's got one. The United States has one. More than one. Lots of them. And as long as Iran doesn't have one, they're going to be vulnerable to attack. So I think that's a good example of how intent is a tricky thing. And I think it's a good example of how we attribute things to our enemies and our friends that make us feel good. Leaders can have intent. Individual politicians kind of. It gets back to your point about political constraints. We don't know when someone says their reason for why they're doing it, whether it's the actual reason, whether it's what they want the public to believe. So I think that whole thing is a way that we exploit information and pr to communication and media to advance our causes. I mean, I'll give you an example that I'll be honest about. If I were Iran, I would work on a nuclear weapon for purely defensive reasons. Israel's got one. The United States has one. More than one. Lots of them. And as long as Iran doesn't have one, they're going to be vulnerable to attack. So I think that's a good example of how intent is a tricky thing. And I think it's a good example of how we attribute things to our enemies and our friends that make us feel good. Leaders can have intent. Individual politicians kind of. It gets back to your point about political constraints. We don't know when someone says their reason for why they're doing it, whether it's the actual reason, whether it's what they want the public to believe. So I think that whole thing is a way that we exploit information and pr to communication and media to advance our causes. I mean, I'll give you an example that I'll be honest about. If I were Iran, I would work on a nuclear weapon for purely defensive reasons. Israel's got one. The United States has one. More than one. Lots of them. And as long as Iran doesn't have one, they're going to be vulnerable to attack. So I think that's a good example of how intent is a tricky thing. And I think it's a good example of how we attribute things to our enemies and our friends that make us feel good. Leaders can have intent. Individual politicians kind of. It gets back to your point about political constraints. We don't know when someone says their reason for why they're doing it, whether it's the actual reason, whether it's what they want the public to believe. So I think that whole thing is a way that we exploit information and pr to communication and media to advance our causes. I mean, I'll give you an example that I'll be honest about