"Welcome to Econ Talk conversations for the curious part of the Library of Economics and Liberty. I'm your host, Russ Roberts of Shalem College in Jerusalem and Stanford University's Hoover Institution. Go to Econtalk.org, where you can subscribe, comment on this episode, and find links and other information related to today's conversation. You'll also find our archives with every episode we've done, going back to 2006. Our email address is mail@econtalk.org. We'd love to hear from you. Today is October 30, 2023, and my guest is Tyler Cowan. This is Tyler's 18th appearance on the program. It was last year in May of 2023, talking about artificial intelligence. Our topic for today is his latest book, Goat. Who is the greatest economist of all time and why does it matter? I want to let listeners listening with children know that this may contain adult themes. Tyler. Welcome back to Econ Talk. Happy to be here, Russ. Thank you. Your book's available online without charge. It is stunningly unlike anything I've read by you before. It is wide-ranging in a way that is different from your other books. It is a tour de force in its breadth and depth. It's quite an achievement. And on top of that, it's embedded inside a chat GPT four option online with other options to come. So you can query the book in a different way than, say, searching it, if you had the text. Tyler, how long did it take you to write this book, and how did you come to write it? I would say it took me 61 years to write the book, being 61 years old. But it's genesis that way. Its genesis is during the time of the Pandemic. At the beginning of the Pandemic, I felt I needed a project to keep me busy and have something to do. And most book projects or other projects, you just couldn't do. You couldn't travel, you may not have access to the library. So I thought, what's? Something I can write based on my own library? Many things I already know, things I can access. And I thought, Ah, a book on the history of economic thought. So I had two initial models. One was heil Brunner's the worldly economists. And the other is that Big Bill Simmons book about NBA players, the book of basketball. And this is a book about appreciation. So the goal is to teach people how to appreciate other people. And we're doing this with economists. And that's how it all started. Well, I loved almost every page of it, and I thought it was a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I think it's a great book. I